[EDU-2136] Add watermark parameters and example (#301)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/products/edge-application/image-processor.mdx

## Add a watermark

> Add watermarks to your images by appending the query `?ims=filters:watermark(WatermarkURL,X,Y,Alpha,WidthRatio,HeightRatio)`, where:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add watermarks to your images by appending the query `?ims=filters:watermark(WatermarkURL,X,Y,Alpha,WidthRatio,HeightRatio)`, where:
```

Author: Estou deixando como padrão o imperativo mesmo, como no style guide que a Mari

- `WatermarkURL` is the URL of the image that you wish to insert as a watermark. If the URL contains parentheses, they must be URL encoded as `%28` for `(` and `%29` for `)`.
- `X` represents the horizontal position for the watermark's insertion. Positive numbers represent the offset, in pixels, from left to right, while negative numbers represent offset from right to left. 
  - Enter the value `center` to center the watermark horizontally. 

>   - Enter the value `repeat`, to fill the image with horizontal repetitions of the watermark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Enter the value `repeat` to fill the image with horizontal repetitions of the watermark.
```

>   - Enter the value `center`, to center the watermark horizontally. 
>   - Enter the value `repeat`, to fill the image with horizontal repetitions of the watermark.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Enter the value `center`, to center the watermark horizontally. 
  - Enter the value `repeat` to fill the image with horizontal repetitions of the watermark.
```

>   - Enter a positive or negative number followed by a 'p' (for example, `20p`) to calculate the horizontal position as a percentage of the image width.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Enter a positive or negative number followed by a `p` (for example, `20p`) to calculate the horizontal position as a percentage of the image width.
```

- `Y` represents the vertical position for the watermark's insertion. Positive numbers represent the offset, in pixels, from top to bottom, while negative numbers represent the offset from bottom to top.  

>   - Enter the value `center`, to center the watermark vertically. 
>   - Enter the value `repeat`, to fill the image with vertical repetitions of the watermark.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Enter the value `center` to center the watermark vertically. 
  - Enter the value `repeat` to fill the image with vertical repetitions of the watermark.
```

  - Enter a positive or negative number followed by a 'p' (for example, `20p`) to calculate the horizontal position as a percentage of the image width.
- `Alpha` sets the transparency of the watermark. It must be a number between `0` (completely opaque) and `100` (completely transparent).

> - `WidthRatio` is an optional parameter that sets the watermark width as a percentage relative to the image. If you don't specify a value, it will default to `none`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `WidthRatio` is an optional parameter that sets the watermark width as a percentage relative to the image. If you don't specify a value, it'll default to `none`.
```

> - `WidthRatio` is an optional parameter that sets the watermark width as a percentage relative to the image. If you don't specify a value, it will default to `none`.
> - `HeightRatio` is an optional parameter that sets the watermark height as a percentage relative to the image. If you don't specify a value, it will default to `none`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `WidthRatio` is an optional parameter that sets the watermark width as a percentage relative to the image. If you don't specify a value, it'll default to `none`.
- `HeightRatio` is an optional parameter that sets the watermark height as a percentage relative to the image. If you don't specify a value, it'll default to `none`.
```

> - `HeightRatio` is an optional parameter that sets the watermark height as a percentage relative to the image. If you don't specify a value, it will default to `none`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `HeightRatio` is an optional parameter that sets the watermark height as a percentage relative to the image. If you don't specify a value, it'll default to `none`.
```

For example, the query `?ims=filters:watermark(http://yourdomain.com/watermark-image.png,repeat,20p,50,10,none)` will repeat the watermark horizontally, at 20% image height, at 50% transparency, resized to 10% of the image width.

> <p align="center">[![Image_Processor_1](/assets/docs/images/image-processor/Image_Processor_2.png?ims=filters:watermark(https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aziontech/docs/main/public/assets/docs/images/azion-logo.png,repeat,20p,50,10,none))](/assets/docs/images/image-processor/Image_Processor_2.png?ims=filters:watermark(https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aziontech/docs/main/public/assets/docs/images/azion-logo.png,repeat,20p,50,10,none))</p>

Reviewer 3: hmm
